Issue 1 — Start Meeting Requires Multiple Clicks
Current Behaviour

When I click Start Meeting, nothing happens on the first click.

I have to click the Start Meeting button approximately 4 times before the meeting actually starts.

This creates a poor user experience and makes it seem like the application is unresponsive.

Expected Behaviour

The meeting should start immediately on the first click.

The flow should be:

Click Start Meeting
Show the recording confirmation dialog (if enabled)
User selects an option
Meeting starts immediately
Recording starts (if selected)
Live transcription begins
Update the meeting status to Live
Store the actual meeting start time

There should never be a need to click the button multiple times.

Please Investigate

Check for:

Duplicate click handlers
Debounce/throttle issues
State management problems
React re-render issues
Multiple asynchronous requests
API request failures
Loading state not updating correctly
Disabled button logic
Event propagation problems
Backend response delays
Duplicate mutations or API calls
Required Behaviour

When the user clicks Start Meeting:

Disable the button immediately.
Show a loading indicator.
Prevent duplicate clicks.
Send only one API request.
Re-enable the button only if an error occurs.
Transition to the Live Meeting page after a successful response.
Issue 2 — AI Processing Fails

After the meeting ends, clicking Trigger AI Processing displays the error shown in the attached screenshot:

AI processing failed: API_ERROR: Your credit balance is too low to access the Anthropic API. Please go to Plans & Billing to upgrade or purchase credits.

Expected Behaviour

The application should not fail silently or expose raw API errors to the end user.

Please investigate why AI processing is failing.

Possible causes include:

Invalid API key
Missing environment variables
Anthropic API credits exhausted
Incorrect model configuration
Incorrect API endpoint
Backend exception handling
Timeout handling
Missing retry logic
Required Improvements
1. Improve Error Handling

Instead of showing the raw API error, display a professional message such as:

AI processing is currently unavailable. Please check the AI service configuration or try again later.

For administrators, log the detailed API error in the server logs.

2. Validate Configuration Before Processing

Before calling the AI service, verify:

API key exists.
API key is valid.
Required environment variables are configured.
Selected AI model exists.
AI service is reachable.

If validation fails, return a meaningful error without crashing the workflow.

3. Preserve Meeting Data

Even if AI processing fails:

Keep the meeting completed.
Preserve the transcript.
Preserve recording metadata.
Preserve manual notes.
Preserve attendance.
Preserve agenda updates.

The meeting should never be lost because AI processing failed.

4. Retry Support

Allow the organizer to retry AI processing later.

Example button:

Retry AI Processing

Do not require recording the meeting again.

5. Manual Processing Option

If AI processing is unavailable, the user should still be able to:

Write minutes manually.
Create decisions manually.
Create actions manually.

The meeting workflow should continue without AI.

Logging

Please log the following:

Start Meeting
Button clicked
API request sent
API response received
Meeting started
Recording started
Transcription started
Errors
AI Processing
AI request sent
AI provider response
Processing started
Processing completed
Processing failed
Failure reason
Retry attempts
Testing Checklist

Please verify the following:

Start Meeting
Starts on the first click.
Only one API request is sent.
Loading state is displayed.
Duplicate clicks are prevented.
Meeting transitions correctly to Live mode.
AI Processing
AI processing starts correctly.
Proper validation occurs before calling the API.
Errors are handled gracefully.
Transcript is preserved if processing fails.
Retry works correctly.
Manual meeting management still works without AI.
No raw API errors are exposed to normal users.
Deliverables

After fixing these issues, please provide:

Root cause of the multiple-click Start Meeting issue.
Root cause of the AI processing failure.
Files changed.
Backend changes.
Frontend changes.
Error handling improvements.
Logging improvements.
Test results confirming both issues have been resolved.